Varia (#27)
mbrandenburger/fabric-rfcs: text/0000-fabric-private-chaincode-lite.md

![Transaction](../images/fpc/high-level/Slide4.png)

### Client Invocation of the FPC Chaincode

The client application performs an FPC chaincode invocation through the FPC Client SDK.
If not cached locally, the SDK will query first the Enclave Registry chaincode to retrieve the FPC chaincode's public encryption key.
The SDK then generates a symmetric key, for the encryption of the response, and encrypts it and the invocation arguments with the FPC chaincode's public encryption key.
This encrypted message is then sent as a query to the FPC chaincode on the peer hosting the Enclave.
Information on the location of that peer is also stored in the Enclave Registry.
This query, as well as the query to the registry, are through calls to the regular Fabric SDK.

> All these steps arefully transparent to the applications layer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All these steps are fully transparent to the applications layer.
```

> The query is forwarded via the peer and some clue code to the FPC Shim inside the Enclave.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The query is forwarded via the peer and some glue code to the FPC Shim inside the Enclave.
```
